Emerus, A World Forever Changed
Two centuries ago, The Elemental Deluge riddled the world of Emerus with crystallized shards
of elemental chaos known as Primordite, these shards held potent primordial magic and
catalyzed the rapid influx of Genasi into the Material Plane as well as a significant shift in the
historical power structure of the lands and their peoples. In the following years, the Genasi rose
in population, influence, and power, soon finding themselves in more than just a place of
dominance, their unbound magic had forged them a world spanning Empire. But they never
expected their seemingly bottomless well of power to dwindle so rapidly, and as the shard falls
began to occur both less frequently and with less intensity, the beginning of the end for Genasi
superiority had been marked upon the annals of history. With this new weakness impossible to
hide, revolts amongst the base denizens of Emerus began, a fight against the oppression and
subjugation they had endured for the better part of a century, a slow burn of resistance that would
eventually topple the newly fragile Elemental Empire.
On one fateful day, just over a century since it had begun, the Elemental Deluge finally ended,
the roiling dynamic colors of the chaotic sky returning to an even and calm blue, the sun and
moon reclaiming their previous dominion now devoid of obscuring storms of Primordite, a day
forever referred to as The Cessation. In the following years, the Genasi fell from the primary seat
of power through a combination of uprisings, wars, pervasive infighting, and a lack of
connection with the now staunchly secured Elemental Planes. In this time of transition and
instability, kingdoms rose and fell as the seas ebbed and flowed, wars were rampant, figureheads
short lived, and the world was rife with the suffering of the many while the few squabbled for the
remaining scraps of the fallen Empire. But with The Cessation now a century past and the current
kingdoms of Emerus settled, a great power awakens to throw this world back into chaos, the
ripples of its return beginning a silent cascade throughout the lands. What will you do here?
What will you become? Will your story be told amongst the heroes of old, or will the tales of
your adventure fade into nothing? Remembered or forgotten? You Decide