The roars in the distance filled them with dread, there were more of the foul beasts, and they were close. The party lifted their eyes to the far tree line across the small green grove stained red with the blood of the fallen. The party waited a few brief moments in suspense, weapons ready, the sounds of stomping feet growing louder, as well as something else. The frantic and panicked cries of a man attempting to escape death. The Sea Elf hunter burst from the trees in a dead sprint, and after seeing the party a shout for help forming on his lips. But his breath was cut short, a message never sent, as the party stood in disbelief at the sight of eight foot long spear that sprouted from the man’s chest, impaling to the ground. The party sighted his pursuers as well, the large Ogre brute who had been chasing the man set gaze upon the party and bellowed a sound between a roar and a scream. The second Ogre began to reload his monstrous bow, their food seems to have led them to more food, and they intended to have a feast.
Lynel sprung into action, running directly at the new threat head on while the others prepared themselves and repositioned for another fight. The engagement was vicious between the melee combatants, but it was the deadly accuracy of the spear launcher that kept the party on high alert. If it was not for Lynel’s agile shield use and mystical cloud giant magic, Thamani and Flappy would have surely faced impalement. Soril controlled the battlefield with well placed heals and crucial bouts of hideous laughter hexed upon the Ogres. Flappy wrought death with his blade and Thamani slung lightning infused spells without abandon. A short but bloody time passed and yet another two Ogre bodies laid dead, the verdant grove lapping up the flowing crimson of their bodies, further soiled, nearly more red than green.
Remarkably, Jerlof and Soril had seen to the still breathing Elf, it seemed the spear had missed his vital organs and with the assistance of Jerlof’s sure hands and some well placed heals, he miraculously lived. But his time was limited, the shaft protruding from his chest would not allow him much longer on this plane if something was not done. The party grouped around the unconscious but breathing man and decided on a plan. Lynel split off the spear head with an acutely accurate handaxe swing while the others held the man down. Flappy then firmly but swiftly removed the shaft and Soril sprang in to close the wound. The Elf had regained and lost consciousness during the operation, only noted by the party in his tight chested scream that shortly faded back into limp silence. He would live, and the party needed answers. They gathered their grisly trophies from the fallen bodies, headed back to their mounts, and found a suitable place to set up camp.
They slept deeply and awoke to a slow but deliberate Elf tidying the area around the fire. The party shared a ration with the man and learned his story, Terim and his partner Harken had traveled to Kemarth from Tirala in search of new and interesting game. As skilled hunters and trackers they began to document the peculiar things they saw among the simple wildlife of the forest. Forest Goblins were traveling in large groups together and seemed to be trafficking a sizable amount of women. Terim recalled this part of his tale in disgust, they had glimpsed some sort of an exchange between figures they couldn’t make out and the Goblin scouts, appalled at their discovery, they tracked them back to their camp and confirmed that grim truth. Enraged at this discovery, Terim told of how Harken had stalked some of the Goblins and murdered them in an attempt to stop an exchange, but instead he had only managed to anger the Goblins who had somehow attracted Ogres to their hunting lodge. That was the last he had seen of his partner, and Terim would waste no time to discover Harken’s fate. The party, intrigued with his tale, decided to join him, and onward they traveled, deeper into the Nestled Forest, to find out what had happened at the lodge after the attack.
On their approach they separated the stealthy from the armor ridden and scouted out the destroyed lodge. Prior to the split, Thamani established a telepathic link with Lynel to keep in touch while they explored and Lynel along with Jerlof held the rear with the posted steeds. The picture was painted quickly for them, at least two Ogres had attacked the lodge and little of the structure remained. Terim was stone-faced in his assessment and readied his bow. With them all in position, Thamani alerted the pair lying in wait and the party engaged the unsuspecting brutes. But the advantageous situation turned on it’s head in a flash. Two more Ogres emerged from the wreckage of the abode, one savagely striking down Soril while the other closed on the unprepared Terim. With his magic out of range Lynel raced to the aid of his fallen companion, but in his haste, he left his other ally behind to fall. With Soril and Jerlof down the party made a mad scramble to protect their allies. With the brute looming over Soril distracted by the giant Leonin, Thamani finally managed to stabilize the broken body of his friend and push onward despite his fear filled heart, they were so close to losing Soril, an idea he quickly dispelled, for he found that he could simply not tolerate the thought. While Flappy stabilized Jerlof, the others delt with the final Ogres, and the battered party rested so that their wounded friends could wake and heal. Soril and Jerlof awoke to a circle of concerned faces and tears of joy at their recovery, they would live, and their friends had saved them. But adjacent to this heartfelt reunion, Terim wandered the ruinous lodge, searching for any signs of his partner.
