Faced with the towering stone walls and stout oak gates of the Dwarvish trading town Crossmark, our adventures eagerly entered as they were ushered in along with many of the trading folk. The party was relieved to be off the road and put into the relative safety of a well-protected city, the Hollow bodies wouldn’t pursue them here. Mernic pulled his wagon up to a few stout buildings a stones throw away from the main gate and informed the party that he had ledgers that he needed to have certified and accounted for before they could be formally admitted to the city. As the party waited for Mernic to return, Alana informed everyone that the Truegleams would be treating them all to an appreciation feast due to their valiant protection of them during both hollow body attacks. Everyone was pleasantly surprised at the notion of a feast held in their honor, and when Mernic returned and was assured by Alana that his whole family would be welcome, the party saw just how hospitable these Gnomes were. After a brief wait, the party was then introduced to the Truegleam head steward, Cautious. The charming Halfling gathered everyone in a finely crafted and lavish carriage to travel to the Slate Quarter and collect Mernic’s family.
The party took in the sights and sounds of the city as they left the city center and set off for the Slate Quarter. Once they arrived at the humble home of Mernic Steadyarm, Lynel took a stroll around the dilapidated living development and returned just as Mernic was herding his family toward the beautiful Truegleam carriage. When Lynel joins them, he gives Mernic’s wife a small fright as both of his boys exclaim in wonder at the beastman. Not wanting to miss out on the wonderment of children, Thamani stepped out from the carriage just as Lynel finished lifting the older of Mernic’s small sons. After a near repeated fright from his wife, Mernic urges everyone to enter the carriage and formal introductions are made. Mernic’s wife Belgin demands an explanation from Mernic and the party assist him in recounting a slightly augmented version of their travels. The group then travel through the Slate Quarter and into the Oak Quarter before passing into the visibly rich Silver Quarter. Lost in wealth on display, far more than any of them had really seen, the group was jolted out of their reverie as they arrived to a grand wooden manor, magnificently decorated and adorned. They left the carriage and followed Cautious up to and through the grand front doors. The steward then passed the group off to his 2nd, a similarly looking and mannered Halfling named Careful. Careful lead them through the artfully decorated rooms and hallways of the manor and after a minor delay to answer some questions about other Truegleam family members, arrived at the guest steams. Careful instructed them all that they were to enjoy the steams and all each individual washroom had to offer while dinner was prepared. He also showed them that each of them had a pair of fine dining clothes made for them, gestured to where belongings could be temporarily stored, and then left them with a flourish.
After the party and fellow travelers had washed and prepared themselves in their new fetching Truegleam finery, they were escorted to the impressive dining room and seated at the grand table while they waited patiently for their hosts and discussed their mutual awe. The hosts soon entered with a storm of servants that lined the walls of the dining room prepared to wait on each individual at the table. After some mild discussion, the Truegleams began the appreciation feast with a crisp clap. The servants spring into action, bringing out plate after plate of meats, cheeses, vegetables, desserts, and drinks. The party deeply indulged in the lavish food, drink, and atmosphere. During some of the dinner table conversation, Thamani asked Jerlof about his future plans, as he would like to keep him in their company. Jerlof graciously deferred the decision to a later time and shared some of his past with the group. As the many members of the table began to swell with satiation, Jerlof and Lynel, eyeing each other over their mugs, decided to have  drinking contest in which Lynel claims a firm victory. As the food was removed and the desserts brought over to a crescent shaped table facing a small stage at the end of the room, the party and company all changed their seating arrangements in preparation for the mummers play.
As the mummers are setting up their props and costumes, Flappy asks Osmond about Demissar and is rewarded with a good bit of general information of the city and the zealously religious presence there. The food sedated group sat back and enjoyed a magically augmented play telling the origin of Ranitos, The Spear as well as the infamous Dwarven king Hjuren III. The mummers put on a spectacular show, both educating and captivating the audience with the storied King, and the peak that saw to his demise. With the conclusion of the play, the Truegleams had one last set of gifts to give, and this time, it was personal. Mernic was offered a spot in their employ as well as a sizable sum of gold, a new wagon, and an offer to move him and his family to the Oak Quarter. He was beyond words and gracefully accepted Osmond’s offer as the pair clasped hands. Next Jerlof was given a bag of coins and allowed to keep the amulet he used during the battles with the hollow bodies. Next Thamani was gifted a beautifully enchanted spell focus made by Osmond’s sister Kenira, a master enchantress. Soril was given an Evocation tome for him to store his supportive spells for clinch moments, and even though the Truegleams don’t deal in arms or armor, they provided Lynel and Flappy a platinum to share. After the gifts were divvied out, Thamani demonstrated his new focus and everyone thanked the hosts in parting as they were led to their fine guest rooms, pleasantly warm with the feeling of a job well done, and ready to rest before facing yet another day.
What is in store for our intrepid adventurers in the morning? What will the market bring them, and what kind of breakfast do the Truegleams serve? Will they find a lead on Thamani’s inherited item, or will they be pursued by more Hollow bodies? Tonight, we find out!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtcNTjqPmEU for music
