Thamani, Soril, and Jerlof awoke in their quaint rooms, ventured downstairs to break their fast, and then headed out to Nature’s Palm to meet back up with Flappy and check on Lynel. The Leonin was in a daze as he awoke, head pounding as if he had been drinking all night, had he? He was dizzy and lightheaded as he rolled upright and looked at Flappy, it all came back. Of course, he didn’t drink, it was that damn flower that was given to Flappy, Lynel couldn’t believe that something so small and delicate could have brought him down without a fight. Flappy helped him gather his things and they both left the infirmary room and walked down the hall to the front seating area. As Flappy and Lynel spoke to Derlin about the small cost of the visit, the rest of the party walked into the sitting room, and they were all together once again. With the payment made, they walked outside, and the planning began. The party huddled close and ran ideas around the group, Thamani wanted to find a library to research about the Chosen, but Jerlof informed him that research like that was likely hard to find and could raise unwanted questions. Flappy mentioned that he would like to follow the lead from the dwarf that he tackled the day before and see who wanted to deliver him Mefira’s message and why they had tried to poison him. As they discussed options, it came up that perhaps the Chosen man from last night was still in the infirmary. Soril and Lynel opted to go back in and check, as a reacquaintance by Flappy or Thamani was sure go over poorly. The pair reentered Nature’s Palm ran their inquiry by Derlin and were escorted back into the infirmary hall by the confused Gnome. Lynel and Soril noticed that the room Flappy told them to check was now bare and empty, ready for a new patient.
The pair left once again with a pleasant goodbye and regrouped with the others, that idea didn’t seem to pan out, so maybe tracking down the poisoner would. The party used the information gathered by the shady dwarf to find their way to a seedy tavern in the Slate Quarter called the Rockchip Inn. They were acknowledged by a disgruntled and generally unpleasant tavern keep that they attempted to get some sort of information from, but instead managed to get frustrated that he wouldn’t allow Lynel to fight in his fighting rings purely because they were all outsiders. During this back and forth Flappy noticed a hooded and beaked figure quietly leave the bar, he told the others that he would shadow this person, hoping it would lead to some answers. The others paid little mind as he left, and shortly after, they quickly found the exit themselves, it was apparent they weren’t getting anywhere with the gruff and impolite man.
As Flappy stealthily tailed the robed individual through the streets of the Slate Quarter and into sparsely populated housing developments, the party keep just enough distance to follow Flappy on the chance he may need assistance. The cloaked figure ducked into a shabby looking building and after a few moments of waiting, Flappy decided to head back to his party and plan what to do next. As the party met up with Flappy, he informed them all what he saw and Thamani figured he could try and detect thoughts to see what they were up against. They all moved into an alley on the side of the building and Thamani sensed many different consciousnesses fading in and out of the range of his magic. But just as his focus on the spell dwindled and he informed the party about what he sensed, they all heard approaching footsteps, and they were coming from both sides of the alley, the party was cornered.
Luckily for the group, these individuals, however shady, were not outwardly hostile, and while the others stood poised for a fight, Flappy received some Thieves Cant from the now unhooded figure, a female Kenku of Gray plumage. She told him that they should follow, and with a little clarification from Flappy as to what the hell was happening, the rest of the uneasy party followed his lead. They entered the dilapidated building to find that it was quite practically adorned and far more habitable than it seemed from the outside. They were led up some stairs to a warm room with fine rugs, interesting artwork, and a healthy appreciation for simple pleasures. Zarken introduced himself and his colleagues to the party and they all sat and discussed why Mefira was interested in Flappy as well as some of the groups history. They also discussed what Zarken wanted in return for a reply message to Mefira. An agreement was made that the party would investigate the ruins that the Brightcaller was interested in and find out what he was looking for. If they accomplished this, Zarken would write a reply and negotiate any treasure that was found or information that was gleaned. Zarken had his assistant Elendar draw up a map for the group, and after leaving Zarken’s den, the party headed back to the Gnarled Branch for a good night’s rest. 
When dawn broke, they headed down to the bar to get some travel ready food, and after another kind tip, Ingdra gifted them with some fruit preserves to break their fast on the road. They traveled swiftly, following the simple map and the directions that were given to them. After leaving the main road they found the smaller road in disrepair and followed it to the ruins. Upon arrival, they explored the sparse stone skeleton of a temple and were left wondering what some strange symbols near the main altar could mean. Before they could ponder that any further, they were set upon by forest goblins and after taking a few arrows, reacted as quickly as they could. The green vermin savagely rained arrows down, heedless of friendly fire, and as one of their own warriors was killed, Thamani was brought down and many of the party was injured. Soril weaved in uses of his spellbook along with his self-casting to keep his allies alive during the battle. His efforts combined with Jerlof’s tenacity, Flappy’s poisoned blade, Lynels runecrafted giant magic, and Thamani’s lightning infused spells, the goblins and their hobgoblin captain were aptly slain. 
A lone surviving goblin slumbered, a victim of Thamani’s defensive magic, and unbeknownst to him Thamani tightly secured rope about his hands and ankles, the party would question this one, and he would awaken to the frightening sight of all other kin slain. What will the party discover? What was the Brightcaller after? And what kind of poetry does Zaken write? We will find out!
