The weary adventurers all grouped around the struggling and cursing Goblin as Thamani pulled the restrained vermin toward the middle of the ruinous altar for questioning. Thamani asked him many questions and received little in return other than the Goblin’s apparent lack of empathy for his slain allies and his eager avarice towards the belongings of his fallen kin. During the questioning Thamani noticed that the Goblin kept darting his eyes to the fallen Hobgoblin captain and when it became to frequent to ignore, he mentioned it to the party and Flappy went over to the body to inspect it. Flappy was faced with the rancid scent of a blood soaked corpse befouled by its own ruptured innards and released bowels. Flappy staggered away in disgust and Thamani quickly applied an arcane cleanse to the body such that it could be approachable. After the now bearable corpse was looted, two peculiar items were found, one of which made the tied Goblin roar with anger at the party’s discovery. Thamani upended a small bag and out of it rolled a strange pinkish blue shard of Primordite, bubbling with energy. In addition to the foreign Primordite, a small, bloodstained scroll bearing a mixture of two languages was unraveled. Lynel attempted to read the parts that he recognized but realized that it was only every fourth word or so and it still made no sense. Soril had seen enough of the attempts to read the scroll, so he solved the problem by ritual casting Comprehend Languages and writing the translation on the back. The group read the translation and realized that it sounded very much like a spell scroll. They asked the Goblin many times but to no avail, the Goblin cared much more about the “shiny” thing then helping the party with anything, his combative attitude began to grate on the party, Thamani most of all. After a Soril delivered ritual identify failed to yield any information of use from the Primordite shard, Thamani decided he would just read the scroll aloud. After the last word was uttered and the horrified captive goblin began to froth and seize, his heart burst inside of his chest, blood from the surrounding corpses flowed into the symbols on the ground, and a pinkish rift ripped open above the altar to give way to a large blue Ice Troll screaming for meat.
The party paused as they assessed their situation, maybe the troll was friendly? That nervously optimistic musing was quickly dispelled as the Troll hefted a goblin corpse, bit it in two, and discarded the other half of the corpse. He turned toward the party and screamed for the feast of flesh that he was due. Lynel quickly doubled and then tripled in size as he seized his Giant’s Might to take on the towering troll, Jerlof charged forward, and Flappy maneuvered to a more advantageous position for a flank. The party engaged and the fighting was brutal, Jerlof was brought low by the powerful rending claws of the Troll and after a clutch heal by Soril allowed him to stand once again and escape. With his ally fled, Lynel went one on one with the terrible beast and despite injuring the troll greatly, a retaliatory claw strike brought the Leonin low and Lynel shrunk down to an unconscious heap. The Troll then pursued the spell caster who so foolishly attempted to invade his mind, but Thamani was quick with his arcane rebuttal and managed to use his Tabaxi swiftness to retreat back to the rest of his allies. It was in this moment that the silent killer made his move, the Kenku moved with stealthy agility as he took advantage of his prime positioning. Flappy hamstrung the Troll and while the monster flailed and screamed, Flappy took advantage of his ruined legs and plunged his sword deep into the kidneys of the Troll, ending it. The party had managed to fend off the terrible foe, but from where was he summoned and why did a group of forest goblins have such a strange piece of Primordite?
The adventurers decided to make up camp as the sun was setting on the horrific battle scene and despite the near empty pockets of the Goblins, the group scored some Ice Troll hide, fur, and tusks in addition to a bag full of Goblin ears for a hopeful bounty reward. While Soril was on watch, he saw movement in the surrounding forest but decided not to move from his post while the others were sleeping. When the watch was changing, he informed Flappy of what he saw and laid down to rest. Flappy idly sat and watched the dark surroundings of the camp and just as he was resigning to a comfortable watch pattern, he was nearly flung from his seat in surprise as Feather announced her presence with a clack of her beak right next to the unsuspecting Flappy. After a soundless laugh she informed him that they were needed back in Crossmark as soon as they could manage after they rested, Zarken was eager to speak with them. After Flappy’s assent to an early morning departure, Feather fled back into the dark of night.
As dawn broke on the hilly woodland, the party packed up and made haste to Crossmark after Flappy relayed Feather’s message. When they arrived back in the city, Lynel split from the party to see if the Goblin ears could be turned in and the rest of the group headed to the Slate Quarter in search of Zarken’s hideout. Lynel was successful in his mission, learning that there was in fact a bounty for Goblins, and was directed to the guard captain where he was aptly paid for his gruesome trophies. He then started towards the Slate Quarter, somewhat confident he could make it back to the rest of the group, he was pretty sure he remembered the way at least. As the party found their way to the dilapidated housing development, Feather had them wait while she searched for Lynel and found him rather quickly, reuniting him with the party before they all entered Zarken’s hideout once again. Up the stairs and through the heavy oak doors they went, the room had been spruced up a bit, a new rug on the floor and some art rearranged, but the room read quite different then the individuals waiting for them, Zarken and Elendar seemed tense, something was off. 
After brief greetings were exchanged and rough recounting of what was discovered at the ruins, Zarken began to ask pointed questions to Thamani and company in an attempt to root out a suspected dishonesty. He had Elendar do more research on their previous contacts with Mefira, the Primordite mining, their relationship with the Truegleams, and the seemingly missing shard of Puredark Primordite from Alana’s broach. It all seemed suspicious to the hulking Goliath, and he was far from pleased with their reticent answers and presented unintentional withholding. The party was further shocked by this harsh treatment as Zarken had Elendar bring out a man beaten near unconscious, and as he recognized those he knew in the party, the Brightcaller reeled backward in fright. More questions were asked but answers were not allowed, it seemed that Zarken made up his mind about them, and he only did one thing to those he believed to be dishonest. As the tension grew and Zarken stood intimidatingly, Lynel made an idle threat and as all parties in the room rose with the tension at its maximum, Elendar paralyzed Lynel with a spell too fast for Thamani to react to and revealed through his actions that he was more than a mere butler. Zarken was a front for the criminal organization that Elendar ran, and he didn’t want to make enemies, he just wanted answers.
The flames of anger cooled slowly as Zarken was dismissed and Elendar took the reins of the situation, Lynel was unparalyzed and a curt but genuine apology was made. Although not what he wanted, the restraint was necessary, if Zarken was to become enraged, no one would have gotten answers and Elendar truly hated wasting good information over avoidable bloodshed.
The Brightcaller, named Articulate, received a potion from Elendar which greatly revitalized him as he was promised an easy exit from the city as well as some reparations for his treatment if he answered some questions for Elendar and spoke with the party. Over the next few hours information about The Chosen, Pilgrims and Pilgrimage, Xi’de, Ri’el, Primordite, Hollow Bodies, and Extra Planar Forces flowed as Articulate documented all the important tid bits he heard and answered questions that Elendar or the party had whenever he could. Elendar was by far the least vocal of the quorum, but he silently filed away all he heard into the depths of his mind. In the end, although Articulate believed their best bet would be to go straight to Demissar, he didn’t think that Derimus, the high priest there, would admit them to the temple with their taint. So instead, he recommended that the party instead try and track down the Dark Noble or Nobles behind the Hollow Bodies, a deed like that is sure to win the regard of the Light Nobles.
As Articulate was given a pack full of things he would need for travel and surely other recompense for his treatment, Feather escorted him from the room. The party received a small payment from Zarken as a reward for their efforts and Elendar allowed them to keep their broken shard of strange blue-pink Primordite. He believed it was from the Feywild and if there is Primordite there, then there could be shards in any of the known planes. Zarken closed the night with his simple but charming poem about baths, and then the party was on their way out of the crime den, on their way once again to another adventure.

Music:
1st: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogqFB5-4pBk&t=9s
2nd: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQqrSpwAOnU
3rd: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73ayJuajuCM

