With the abrupt conclusion of their battle with the aggressive strangers, the grim afternoon continued for the party. Sorting through the corpses of the hollow eyed men yielded little in the way of identifiers on their belongings, but Thamani did discover that all of the hollow eyed men had a dark marking on the back of their neck, right in the divot where the spine connects to the head. The party filed this information away and with more questions than answers, they approached the wealthy Gnome couple that they had saved. The male Gnome, Osmond, thanked them heartily mentioned that they were intending to visit some friends in Ytiros but after this attack, they were rather shaken and would like to get back home to Crossmark. Mernic had no problem allowing the couple and their single remaining guard to travel with him and the party, and so, they departed once again, leaving the bodies of the hollow men behind.
Their days were full of bright summer sky and a warm travel breeze through the Kemarthi midlands, falling into a comfortable routine, the intrepid travelers began to relax, and just a moment too soon. On one of the evening watches as they were closing on a couple days from Crossmark, Lynel spotted some movement up on a ridge close to their wagon camp. He mentioned this to the rest of the watchers and nothing else was seen on that night or the next.
As the mild morning hillside trundled on past the party in the wagon, the Gnomish woman Alana divulged some very interesting information to the party out of guilt. She believed that she knew the reason why her and her husband were targeted, it was here brooch, a valuable gilded hair piece with the primary show piece being the thumb nail sized piece of Puredark Primordite set amongst a background of jeweled finery. As the party calmly mulled this over, Alana visibly relaxed and closed with saying that she felt they should know, she did want anyone else to die because of her heirloom, as she was still grieving for her late guard Rorik. Later that afternoon, Alana’s fears would become the group’s reality, as they rounded hill into a small crossroads filled with more strangers, and they looked anything but friendly.
A tall elf stood at the head of the unit of hollow men, as the party dismounted from the wagon to meet the cause of their delay, they noticed something distinctly different about these hollow men, their eyes were not just gone, they were seeping darkness. After struggling over an unfamiliar pair of vocal cords for a moment, the lead hollow body addressed the party and simply said that they could pass, but only if they gave them what is theirs. As this leader was starting to get into his monologue Thamani unwittingly casted a sleep spell on the elven hollow bodies which earned him nothing more than a smirk and a snarky remark from the hollow body captain. Fed up with his opponent, Thamani angrily through a firebolt directly into the chest of the captain and the hollow men sprung on the party.
Flappy has a mind to flank the ranged members of the hollow unit, but instead overextends himself, takes a dire dagger wound, as well as a few arrows for his troubles as he is rendered unconscious back near the relative safety of his party. If there was ever a battle for the beastmen to shine, it was here, among the hills, and among a thick roster of enemies. With roars and snarls, Lynel saved nearly as many lives as he saved with the smashing strikes of his hammer and absorbing deflections of his shield. Thamani succeeded in constantly thwarting the captain from leading his men in an assault despite taking a rather brutal axe strike. Soril athletically climbed up a steep ridge and greatly exhibited the supportive abilities that only a bard can provide, demoralizing his enemies, raising his allies from unconsciousness, and inspiring his friends in battle. Soril remained untouched on the ridge as many hollows attempted to pursue the clever musician. Despite the rough start, and two unfortunate bouts of unconsciousness, Flappy greatly aided in the battle as he all too familiar blade dealt swift blows, severing kidneys, and ending life. But for this outnumbered fight, the party members were not the only stars. The stout warrior dwarf Jerlof cleaved into his enemies with his handaxe and screamed a savage warcry, reinvigorating his allies as they pushed longer and longer into the vicious and visceral violence.
After the captain finally fell, the last few hollow men were quick to follow, and the group found themselves once more victorious. After looting the bodies of the hollow men and distributing out the coin found on most of them, it was once again confirmed that these hollow bodies bore the same black marking on their necks. In addition to this confirmation, the group found a slip of cloth on the lead hollow body, bearing nothing more than a roughly sketched hawk eye. 
As they prepare to make the final day’s journey to Crossmark, the party work together to find a way to protect Alana and Osmond. With Alana hard pressed to just give away her brooch despite Thamani’s sweet words, at the recommendation of Flappy, she allowed the party to remove the dangerous Primordite from her family heirloom. Flappy’s nimble talons paired with one of his daggers were an expert pair of tools to remove the clasped shard, and the party returned the undamaged brooch to a grateful Alana. While deciding what to do with the loose piece of Puredark Primordite, Lynel unceremoniously picked it up in his paw and inspected it, it did make him feel rather peculiar, but the effects were far from what he had felt in the cave. Despite his assessment, he handed it to Thamani to place into a secured piece of cloth and kept out of sight after jest from Jerlof enlightened the party as to just how illegal their new possession was. 
Despite the pang of loss still felt for their fallen friend, the original members of Ternac’s crew have begun to form a deep attachment to their new member, and they may yet add a dwarf to their ranks if they put their mind to it. With a firming and deepening bond, the diverse group crested the final hill, and in the middle of their last day of travel, they arrived at the large stone walls and wooden gates of Crossmark.
What is in store for our determined group at this new crossroads? Where will they go, what will they pursue, and what story will they forge?
