Four unlikely adventurers met in a tavern directed to them by a vague note promising a life changing amount of money for a bit of help with a relatively simple job. Whether by belief or curiosity, these four men decided to follow the instructions and found themselves at the tavern doors. The first to enter was the Ash Genasi Ramad, he bought a drink from a not too friendly hill dwarf and simply waited for a sign. Next to enter was the large Leonin Lynel, who similarly purchased a drink, surprised the barkeep, and sat in waiting alongside the Genasi. Next, the small Kenku Flappy entered, and asked for a drink which the dumbstruck barkeep promptly delivered. The last to enter was the tall and slender Half-Elf Soril, and after receiving many a dark glare from the dwarven and gnomish patrons, almost reconsiders his entry. Ramad offered Soril a drink, which he politely declined, but more importantly offered a link to other possible note holders. During this lull in activity, the barkeep finally put the pieces together and asked the strange group if they were looking for Ternac, and if they were, they should promptly meet him out back. Whether this was a sense of urgency or simply because the barkeep wanted to remove them from his establishment remained unanswered. 
The group met with the eccentric dwarf Ternac and began engaging in conversation about the job. Learning that it was a mining job with a low chance of them running into trouble, they all began to feel more comfortable about the simple coin grab. After all of their questions were answered and assurances on travel were made, the group set off into the setting sun with their odd dwarven guide. The way to the site was rather unremarked with the exception of Flappy’s unfortunate fall and Ramad’s willful steed. But the hardy group managed make it to the dig site with their prides mostly intact.
Upon arriving, they met a gnome named Vinn and learned from Ternac’s nervous informant that the “boss” is coming to meet them at the site to inspect the goods. The group got to work quickly and found many lesser shards of Primordite until Lynel broke into an adjacent cavern. In this rather large breakthrough, Ramad discovered a large chunk of Puredark Primordite that, with Vinn running in at the call of Ternac, everyone in the chamber become completely entranced by. The crystal’s pulsating black nothingness lured the six men into touching it. 
The four adventurers awoke on a black sanded beach as Orcs and before they could even grasp what was happening, they reappeared in a dirty and bloody arena prep room. In this room Flappy and Soril gained some insight from memories not their own and understood the orcish message from the arena master, conveyed it to the others, and picked their weapons. Weapons in hand, they were brought out into the arena for their spiritual trance. 
The Orc Shaman brought them the dreaming draught and the four confused adventurers drank it down to sink into the blurry mid conscious state where each of them chose their unique boon items. Immediately after this surreal ghostlike experience, the party is thrust into arena combat. Lynel & Soril are the first to fight, battling a feral dire wolf and a large spear and shield wielding orc, they quickly dispatch the direwolf with minor injuries and then brutally double team the orc combatant. After their victory they are ushered back into the prep room. The next pair, Flappy and Ramad, fought it out with two dwarf companions and savagely battled for their lives in this close encounter. As the crowd screamed for blood, the shield dwarf, sensing his end, tried to run. Ramad threw his hook at him in an attempt to prevent his escape, and dealt near fatal damage. The crowd, in an uproar at the dwarf’s cowardice, finish him off by stoning him to death as he struggled on the ground. Enraged at the loss of his companion, the spear dwarf landed some hits but to no avail, and he too was dispatched by the clever pair. 
As Flappy and Ramad were escorted back into the preparation area with the other two party members, their brief and brutal orcish existence faded, returning them once again to the beach, but this time as incorporeal soul like beings who floated in front of a large black and white obelisk. This obelisk pulled them toward it and swirled them back into their reality with the parting words of their individual portents. 
The haggard party come back to consciousness on the dusty ground of the dig site, to the sound of light footsteps.

Music:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2TyIUbBTwA
