As the party recovered from the close call with the Ogres, rested up, and took stock of their situation, Thamani stumbled upon a heartbreaking scene. The Sea Elf hunter who traveled among them was crumpled down next to the shorn body of his life partner Harken. Thamani carefully exited the tragic display, but his keen ears picked up the elven whisperings of a poetic and somber farewell. Terim spoke softly to his man, with the anima long fled from the body, Terim unsheathed his belt knife and removed the tip of his ear as a sign of sacrifice and remembrance. Thamani quickly escaped back to the party to give Terim space in his grief, and after a time, the Sea Elf rejoined the group, a funeral fire roared fiercely behind the destroyed hunting lodge. Terim vowed vengeance against the goblins that lead the Ogres to his camp, and the party was more than happy to aid him in his quest. The vermin must die, their captives must be saved, and despite this departure from their main quest, the party felt right in their pursual of justice, the charges were plain, and their verdict was made.
The party made a rough camp among the trees on the outskirts of the hunter’s lodge, convinced that the goblins would return to investigate what had become of their Ogre luring. Even though the camp was well concealed among the greenery of the Nestled Forest, the party was grievously unaware of the advancing and plotting scout goblins. As dawn broke and the party mounted up after disassembling their clever camp, they were set upon by hidden assailants. Cloaked by the rubble and refuse of the hunter’s lodge, the goblins struck the mounted group of unsuspecting adventurers, and the front of the party took the brunt of the damage. Thamani’s brilliant midnight mare screamed and reared in an agonizing death throe as the arrows pierced deep into its soft and unsuspecting flesh. The jet black beast spilled both Thamani and Terim to the ground, vulnerable and prone amidst the ambush. Hidden goblins advanced on the group and the most reactive members dismounted to face the oncoming threat. The tide of battle quickly turned as the least flatfooted member Flappy cleaved his way deep into the enemy backline. However, this advance also exposed the nimble Kenku, with the very archers he was pursuing bringing him down in a heap of fletched wood and black feathers. His companions were quick to react and as Jerlof, Lynel, and Soril dealt with the bladed goblins, Thamani and Terim wrought death among the green archers in order to secure a stable but injured Flappy.
If their fury towards these vermin wasn’t stoked hot before, it surely was now. They followed the interpretation of Harken’s map by way of Terim and stalked ever closer towards the goblin village. Once they had gained the far outskirts, they once again set up a cleverly disguised camp and waded amongst the foliage to gain what intel they could on their enemy. With Soril assigned as their intelligence gathering scout, the group approached the southeastern ridge overlooking the camp and attempted some hasty reconnaissance. Unfortunately for the group, Soril’s observation was cut short by an approaching goblin scouting party as well as a patrol hot on their heels. The party stood firm and ambushed the smaller goblin party by way of tree cover and then managed to befuddle the second group of goblins with the clever use of spells and swift blades. The two goblin ranging parties fell like wheat to the scythe and the party finally had a prime opportunity to gather intel on the village. Unfortunately, their position was quite compromised, and the party headed back to the far outskirts to plan another approach.
It was determined that Flappy and Thamani would be sent out as a pair, being the stealthiest among the adventurers. The remaining group would sit back in the disguised camp and bide their time while their keen companions collected what intel was needed. The pair was not only efficient but rather adept at their task. Under the lookout of the vigilant Tabaxi, Flappy was able to gather quite a bit of critical information about the southern edge of the goblin camp and made concise notes about all he had seen. Although Thamani had a small blunder in their retreat, the pair was able to remain stealthy and deftly approached a different reconnaissance angle once the scouts had become safely out of earshot.
The pair dared to expedition once again and this time they took a wide berth around the village to survey the rocky northeastern ridge. Flappy once again managed surveilling success under the watchful eyes of Thamani but just as the pair began another clever escape, they were discovered by a group of returning hunters. With adrenaline pumping and survival the sole desire on their minds, they retreated as promptly as possible from their compromised position. But they were not to return to their companions unscathed. The Kenku and the Tabaxi were both riddled with arrows in their flight, narrowly escaping the razor edge of capture, or death. It was in this beleaguered state that they regrouped with the rest of the party, much information to share, and a considerable amount of bleeding to be mended. They were ever closer to their vengeance for Terim, soon they would have enough intel to plan their attack, but with the goblins increasing patrols and heightening their alertness, the party was up to quite the task. But they were determined, and wounds were nothing compared to preventing a lifelong torment for those captured women.

What would our party do next? Once their intel is gathered, will they run into the village headlong or play it tactical and stealthy? We will see tonight!

