As the warm morning sun crested the surrounding treetops, the predators sharpened their claws and prepared to leave their den. Their plan was simple and direct, they would strike the northeastern corner of the camp first, taking out as many archers as possible before moving up. After quelling the ranged threat, they would find and kill the leader along with any other melee stragglers. The plan was far from elegant, but they were confident it was all that would be needed to exterminate their loathsome prey. Terim and Thamani kept their sights trained on the village outskirts bow at the ready and spells prepared. They both found an unsuspecting Goblin archer to fire upon and they let their projectiles fly. However, their approach was not without notice, and as their assault began, the archers retaliated in a wild spray of arrows. Both lightning bolt and arrow missed their targets just as most of the small goblin arrows sunk uselessly into the ground behind the party, only a small grazing shot dealt to Thamani. The party was coordinated in their advance, Lynel surged with giant size as he strode forth to engage the scouts and Jerlof was close behind him. The group relentlessly swung down on their green foes, but the crafty goblins were prepared to fight to the death to defend their homes. Blows were dodged and deflected, arrows and spells missing their mark. All the while the Hobgoblins to the south of the camp advanced on the northeastern assault as some unsuspecting goblins emerged from their tents to join the fray.
Their carefully constructed plan was not going as they had envisioned by any means, both Thamani and Terim struggled to land their ranged strikes and both Jerlof and Lynel were not doing much more than hindering the forward movement of the goblin warriors that quickly advanced on their position. A few blows were landed, and the clamor of the battle rose until all in the camp were roused, included the towering hairy figure that emerged from the largest tent. The Bugbear leader roared to rally his goblin fighters and boost morale as he moved up on the party. Hobgoblins from the southern edge of the village stepped up to take vicious longbow shots at the party. But this time they were much more prepared to handle a coordinated onslaught. Lynel and Jerlof held fast as Thamani and Soril braced themselves behind their martial companions. Terim stood well to the rear of the group firing what arrows he could into the enemy archers. Flappy darted in and out of the combat, acting both on the flanks and in the press, killing where he could and evading damage when it was needed. 
One of the Hobgoblins locked sights on Soril and fired two powerful arrows directly at him the first striking deep into his shoulder, doing significant damage to the healer. But it was the second shot that was racing directly towards his now exposed throat, and the hiss of the projectile seemed to herald the kill shot. But it was not to be so, Lynel harnessed his giant magic and redirected the piercing arrow from his companion back to the archer who fired it, staggering the foe. With Goblins, Hobgoblins, and the Bugbear moving up Thamani infused both Flappy and Lynel with crackling Dragon’s Breath and they would wait for the prime opportunity to use their new power. Soril however would not wait and casted a prime shatter directly into the approaching line of Goblins, both damaging and killing in no small amount. This created a perfect opening for Flappy to step up and use his breath weapon, and use it he did, electrifying multiple goblins in crackling ferocity. But this advance had left the Kenku exposed. The Bugbear made his move and struck
Lynel watched in horror as the head of the cleaver dropped savagely upon his companion, the Kenku fell, and he saw red. But Jerlof had stepped up and already met a flanking Hobgoblin while trading blows with the advancing Bugbear. Soril was quick to act and immediately brought Flappy back up so that he could safely retreat, and the fighting grew dire for the Goblinoids. 
Meanwhile, after executing all the hostage women, a Hobgoblin captain began escorting Goblin children out of the village with the aid of a Goblin warrior to flee the massacre the party was imposing on the vermin. The group was locked down, and those in the thick of it thought little for the Goblins that escaped, if they killed their leader, they would scatter the village, and they intended to bring the Bugbear to his knees. As Flappy vaulted away from the ferocious melee, Lynel roared with his giant lungs, instilling terror into the goblinoid leader, his fear would be the beginning of his downfall. Jerlof held the line as Lynel sprinted and plowed through a Goblin tent, flattening the unsuspecting Goblin children within. But this reposition was more than accidental child murders, it garnered a flanking advantage for the party, and they utilized every opportunity to bring the Bugbear down. But just as he was about to fall, bloodily stumbling to his knees, he clutched his wooden necklace engraved with a bear claw and exploded into the furry and clawed form of a Black Bear. But Jerlof was having none of it, he struck true with his frigid strike, hewing both bear and bugbear, spilling the remainder of the leader’s lifeforce into the dirt.
The fighting was over, and as Terim exacted what little more vengeance he could among the Goblin children, the others looted the bodies and explored the small village. They learned that amongst the slain hostage women, one was a Wood Elf base Water Genasi that had clearly become Hollow, the vacant eye sockets bearing nothing but blackness as well as the dark mark at the base of her skull denoted that fact. The party also found Wood Elven ingredients for sleeping draughts that were possibly being made and administered to the hostages. Confounded with the meaning of all they had discovered, and what little else they found, they collected ears and began to regroup. Lynel was the likeliest match for the Black Bear Charm and was rewarded with the trinket while Terim screamed his grief skyward, rectified in his vengeance but forever without his life partner. In the high afternoon sun, beating down on the blood soaked ground of decimated village, the group of adventurers planned their next move.

https://open.spotify.com/track/0alA6MfbhWHj2jrlz8Mnfm?si=5e1bb3b081044298

