With the party regrouped once again, Flappy and Thamani decided that a hasty heal and another foray into the forest would be their best chance at gaining more intel on the Goblin village. But they were not going to go back out as a pair, instead they would be bringing everyone, no matter what they encountered due to their lack of stealth. Their brush with the hunters was far too close by their reckoning, and they would rather stay alive than stay covert.  The six companions set out for another scouting run, well aware of the fact they were making quite the rustle through the foliage. Lynel and Jerlof, the likely culprits, cared not at all for the game of stealth and after sitting in the camp for the better part of an afternoon, they were ready to slay some more green vermin, and better the world for it. Despite the noise of the heavily armored party members, it was actually the lithe Sea Elf Terim who ended up being spotted by a patrol, and with the little bit of warning they had due to the keen ears of the lookouts, the group readied themselves for combat. Some were able to make it to trees before the goblins fell upon them and their unexpected strikes, as well as the brute strength exhibited by the tanks of the party greatly swayed the skirmish in their favor. The warpick split, the axe cleaved, the lightning electrocuted, the virulent sword stabbed, and the arrows hit their mark as the patrol was destroyed. Another handful of vermin exterminated and even fewer guards for their stronghold. 
In the midst of their victory Soril approached an outcropping overlooking the northeastern edge of the camp to get a better look at the numbers and troop diversity of the unnaturally organized Goblins. Soril counted many archers and warriors among a slew of hobgoblins and even some robed and magic wielding. Just before retreating into the forest, something strange caught his eye, a guard walked down into the pit just after a bulky and tall creature had entered the large tent the hobgoblin had been guarding. Soril didn’t catch what the creature was but suspected some sort of leader, and after the hobgoblin had returned to his post leading a female dwarf into the tent, Soril knew this leader to be just as dastardly and deplorable as the rest of the creatures. Lightly battered from their encounter, the party made way to the south to see if their final attempt at scouting could yield more information on what this leader was, but they were getting impatient with this game of intel gathering. The martial types wanted combat to exert their prowess, and Terim wanted slaughter, blood for blood.
As the grouped purposefully moved through the forest outskirts of the village, near heedless of the potential patrols, they heard shouts and running feet just as it seemed the patrol had noted their presence. They ran quickly into position, but with very little time to react, only Flappy was able to get to a tree. The cohort of Goblins crashed through the underbrush with a purpose, tight knit in their formation and ready to face the plague menacing their patrols and scouting parties. They had claimed this as their land, and they were ready to defend it. All the better for the five savage party members, hell bent on destroying the evil creatures, with the sixth prepared to stop at nothing for his revenge. 
As the two sides faced each other across the small grove, Lynel stepped up to defend a charge and Jerlof unwittingly overextended in his battle rage. The back line of the goblins took their opportunity, firing and icy dagger directly at the more vulnerable targets of the group, who scrambled to avoid the frigid explosion. But there was a second mage, and he wasn’t going to miss. His screaming icicle piercing through the air toward Soril suddenly veered off course and was redirected by a runic burst of Lynel’s giant magic. The ice found its home in one of the hobgoblins as it burst and caused the formation to wildly dodge. Just as they were regaining their footing, Soril retaliated with a shattering crash centered among the recovering shock troops damaging all and killing some of the peripheral Goblins. The tide was in their favor, and they surged forward on the momentum of their advantage as Thamani enchanted himself and Lynel with crackling Dragon’s breath, stepping forward, and endangering himself to kill a few more of the clumped goblins. But waves crash and tides change, such was the fate they faced. Their over-aggressive positioning cost them in more ways than one. Jerlof was quickly overwhelmed by hobgoblin swordsmen as Thamani was brought low by a precise longbow shot and a well-found blade strike. A giant Lynel did all he could to protect Soril while Flappy and Terim harried the flanks of the goblinoid force, Soril brought the mighty dwarf up many a time, only to watch him fall again. He was down to his last spell tome charge, and there were too many of his companions hurting, this would be the make-or-break moment. And it was. Flappy engaged wildly, flanking an advancing hobgoblin as Lynel struck down one of the last remaining goblin warriors, the rest of the hobgoblins stepped over a crumpled Jerlof to strike brutally at the giant Leonin. He couldn’t fail his pride now, he had mice to protect, and he had green rats to kill, he staggered against the healing hands of Soril, his giant fueled adrenaline the only thing keeping him up, but up he was, and up he would remain.
Flappy and Lynel rallied as Terim distracted one of the hobgoblins, the trio stabbing and piercing until there was a sole hobgoblin left. But Soril had had his fill of standing idle as his companions took the brunt of the punishment, and as such, he strode forth and nimbly cut down the last remaining goblin. As the red haze of battle fled from the standing party members, Soril ran to the outskirts to try and gather something more of the village, but there wasn’t much of note other than the reduced numbers of guards. Soril was needed with the unconscious, they had all they could gather for now, they would rest, and attack at dawn. The time for stalking their prey was long over, they would hunt when dawn broke. The predators hid their den well, plotted while licking their wounds, and swore that every pain they had endured would be inflicted thrice fold. They cared not for what they didn’t learn of their prey and its leader, they knew enough to make a kill, or so they firmly believed. 

Song 1: https://soundcloud.com/adrian-von-ziegler/legend
Song 2: https://soundcloud.com/adrian-von-ziegler/for-the-king

