The somber group erased the remains of the Goblin village with flame, just as they had erased nearly all the Goblin inhabitants with steel and magic. Thamani began the systematic burning of each hut and Terim thrust mangled green corpses into the eager plumes of fire. Their deed was done, Terim had his vengeance and the party had felt vindicated in their destruction. Goblins were vermin after all right? But the group had seen the faces of the little green children as they ran from the chaos, their homes destroyed, and fathers slaughtered. Hate begets hate, another generation that will be raised to terrorize humans and beastmen alike, such is the way of things. With their immolation of the village complete, the party was keen to move on, they had other problems now, dwindling supplies, and a dead horse to pay for.
Thamani asked Terim where he was headed now that his revenge had been taken. Terim had been brief and solemn in his reply, back home, back to his family, and to Harken’s family. News had to be brought to them and he simply had no reason to be anywhere else now that his partner was gone. He would travel to Crossmark, and from there to Ytiros to leave by way of ship back to Seaspray Hold. They were all traveling in the same direction, so why not travel together. With the guidance of Terim, the party hastened northeasterly back toward Crossmark and the main road. With the large village of Goblins exterminated, the party was hard pressed to fear the mild forests and grasslands, but they kept vigilant, nonetheless. 
Three days of mild travel later, the group and their weary horses arrived back to the large stone gates of Crossmark. It was mid-afternoon and the townsfolk were smoothly flowing in and out of the open gates. They went to the center market and posted their steeds in the entrance stables while they located the guard barracks to search for a captain. After a brief but wholesome farewell with Terim, they had no problem finding the entrance to one of the guard barracks. They spoke with a guard, and he hailed his captain to their attention. The stout and gruff dwarf seemed unbelieving of their tale at first, but when Flappy dumped the heaping pile of slightly decomposing ears onto the table, he was aptly convinced. He paid them well for their service and with a curt thank you, the party made their exit in search for the Gilded Pony, they had a horse to pay for, and a Stablemaster to apologize to.
They found Sturdy busy among his beasts, cleaning stalls while the stable hands worked diligently on some of the idle horses. With a call, Thamani got the Stablemaster’s attention and with a slightly confused look, the burly man wiped his hands and walked over to the group. He was puzzled at their return and asked after his steeds, Thamani was quick to prepare a suitable reply, but it was Soril who struck his Lyre and demanded the attention of all. The song the bard wove was a strange lilting melody, a background of plucks and strums, punctuating the story cascading from his lips. He told Sturdy of all they encountered, from the mild weathered first days of travel, to their discovery of the cart and the Ogre attack that followed it. Soril sang with a heroic and dramatic tone as the events of their first battle were regaled with much detail. He touched upon their encounter and saving of the Sea Elf hunter, the search for his partner, and the heart broken discovery that led to Terim’s burning quest for vengeance. Sturdy was enthralled and tears had begun to wet his cheeks as Soril sung of his Twilight, the valiant midnight mare that was so cruelly slain by the wicked Goblins in their ambush. Soril struck a sharper note and even the party flinched at the change in tone as he sung of the grim happenings within the Goblin village and all the party had done to destroy it. With a flourish and a short bow, the telling of their tragic adventure was at an end. As the stable hands wiped the tears from their eyes and Sturdy smiled after his steed’s brave death, Soril had a smirk to himself over the enchantment he had woven, not with magic, no, but with the pure beguiling power of performance.
Sturdy explained that the mare was part of a trade, a stud would soon be arriving from Demissar from Feras the stable master there, and since he was not receiving the horse, he needed to receive compensation. Sturdy quickly wrote out a letter to the man and entrusted it with the party as Thamani had already offered the funds as recompense for the mount. It was agreed that the party would deliver both note and coin, and Sturdy would entrust them with yet another horse, but this time they must stick to the road, no heroics. The party was happy with the terms and set off towards the Oak Quarter and the cozy Gnarled Branch Inn.
After arriving they were quickly turned out over their offensive stench and directed to the steams for a bath. They eagerly obliged and thoroughly washed themselves and their clothes before returning to the inn with hungry bellies and bodies eager for bed rest. Jerlof however had other plans, and after Thamani asked for something top end from Ingdra’s liquor shelf, the dwarf slammed his coin down to purchase the entire bottle. The party laughed and drank together, feasting on the first truly warm meal they had had in nearly two weeks. They were content, and for the first time since Ramad’s death and the inclusion of Thamani, the party was happy, the bonds growing stronger, the scars of the past healing. Before departing to their beds, they spoke of what they would do next and their plan was confirmed, they would travel south once again, and this time they would make it to Demissar and speak with the Chosen.
With their night of companionship over and the morning sun heralding a new day, the party rose well-rested and rejuvenated. They grouped in the sitting room of the inn and broke their fast on mild but filling fare. They planned for the day and accomplished each task separately. Jerlof explored the vast central market for a trove of travel rations, Lynel met with the gnomish weaponsmith Calbar and gained a quiver of Javelins, Soril and Thamani visited Derlin in Nature’s Palm and procured healing kits as well as Alchemy Stones from a nearby shop, and Flappy stopped by the hideout of Elendar’s men and exchanged some juicy information with Zarken about what the party had learned of the Dark Nobles for what Zarken’s informants had gathered about them for the Shade. With their many morning tasks complete, the party regrouped at the Gilded Pony, saddled up their well-rested steeds, and prepared to depart the grand stone city of Crossmark once again.
1st – skip after 2nd paragraph
https://open.spotify.com/track/49ex4jBruC0OqEHqCsNsAO?si=637ff0f77e43468a
2nd – skip just before last two paragraphs
https://open.spotify.com/track/4QM22FHvErYrC1fxhG149w?si=1de20a8c72bf4f9b
Last
https://open.spotify.com/track/4gFtxaSeK8JwF1RKubJBia?si=8bed456fa15c402c
