The party awoke to a dusty cavern floor and the pattering of fast moving feet as a mysterious figure retreated quickly from the cave antechamber. Soril was the first to awaken from the strange dream state each person had found themselves in and was followed shortly by the others. As each person came too, Flappy noticed a strange figure clad in black leaving the cave antechamber in haste but was too weak to attempt to stop them. In a clever attempt at mimicry, he cried out with Ternac’s voice, but the rouse stalled the figure for mere moments as they continued their way out of the small cave system seemingly carrying something. As Flappy and the rest of the group surveyed their surroundings, they were able to put together something of the puzzle that happened while they were unconscious. It seemed that Vinn was the first to come too from his Primordite induced slumber and at that time the dark clad figure had been waiting for him. He dragged his bloodstained body as close to his sword as he could before he inevitably succumbed to his mortal stab wound. Ternac was little better, it seemed wherever his vision took him, he never returned, his breath had stilled, his heart had stopped.
As the party absorbed this disturbing information and thought back to the supposed simplicity of this “non-dangerous” but illegal mission, they searched the cave and found the Puredark Primordite gone, likely taken by the dark figure, as well as two strange notes, one written in common to Vinn, and the other written in dwarfish to Ternac, the letters did not look as if they were written by the same source. They party respectably laid the Gnome and Dwarf to rest and then, with more questions than answers, they left the cavern.
What awaited them outside in the warm summer day was as grisly as sight as any had previously beheld. Their horses had been purposefully slaughtered, their entrails spilled out onto the grassy dirt and splayed around the camp. Each member successfully kept their stomach at the sight and the even more oppressive smell, but they soon learned they were not alone. A large Gnoll rose from one of the animal corpses, blood and horseflesh streaming down his face and chin, as he paused from his feast to smell the air. The party was quick to hide but as Lynel stood his ground before the creature, Soril was also seen and the Gnoll grinned wildly at the prospect of live food. 
The battle had begun and with the barking laughter of the Gnoll scout, two more of the spotted dog headed creatures rose from their meal to face the heralded threat. Lynel protected his smaller ally with a ferocity that only a Leonin can muster, and with razor sharp claws, rent his foes to shreds and demoralized them with his roaring war cry. Soril supported Lynel’s charge with mocking words and healing support, while Flappy sneakily dealt his vicious dagger attacks with lethal precision. Ramad greatly aided in his party’s defense as he tactically disabled dangerous Gnoll’s with the intense discomfort he wrought. As the Gnoll’s began to fall, the scout leader and his partner joined the fray, but they too were no match for the party, and although they were not without their injuries, they had prevailed.
Traveling on foot with the aid of the hand sketched map that Flappy had drafted previously, they retraced their steps and slowly made their way back to Ytrios with many thoughts on the mind. As they drew near the main road once again, the party heard the sounds of distant boars. In an attempt to drive them off, Flappy mimicked the sound of  a male boar and unintentionally challenged the other male boars as they were searching for mates. The boars rushed over the small hill on their western side and the party was thrust once again into battle. As Lynel rushed forward to hinder the approach of the boars, Ramad was nearly killed by the charge and gore of a particularly large male, with Soril taking much damage as well as Lynel nearly succumbing to his damage as well, Flappy dealt many fatal blows with his dagger and the party narrowly made it out of danger. 
With the party once again safe and ready to travel, what awaits them in back Ytiros? Will they search for a translator? Ask about the dark figure and its stolen goods? Or simply try and sell some boar-hide and garner the coin to furnish themselves with gear? We will see!

