The morning light brought with it the pang of a lost friend only subtly soothed by the beginning of healing grief. The solemn trio awoke from their drunken evening with a hangover crawling to the forefront of their minds, just as they crawled out from their comfortable beds in the Drunken Pixie to face the new day. Just as the group head downstairs to abolish what they could of their headaches with food and water, a stranger stepped off an arriving ship and onto the bustling morning docks. Thamani was nearly overwhelmed with the scale of it all, his father had told him stories, but there was something to be said about truly experiencing it yourself. With the additional knowledge of his father’s contact that he gathered from the captain just before he departed the ship, Thamani joined the throng of sailors and merchants on the docks and headed directly to the dockside dormitories to search for Diligent, his father’s old sailing partner. After perusing a dwarfish sign and finding some common tongue written among the sharp and jagged runes, he spied the room and floor, he would discover what his father had meant for him to have. Diligent answered the door and mistakenly thought he was being surprised by his old friend, but Thamani quickly remedied the confusion and Diligent swiftly ushered him in. Pleasantries were exchanged, a small repast, and a large regaling of all Diligent and Kusafiri had done together on their journeys. After telling Thamani of how his father had saved his life by severing his venom damaged arm amid a Serpent attack, Diligent ceased his story telling and gathered the item Thamani had come for, the old token coin. Thamani was as curious as he was captured by the large coin, much too large and ornamented to be used for currency, and yet seemingly much more significant than any coin could possibly be. With his traveling inheritance claimed, he bid Diligent a kind farewell, and left in the direction of the Drunken Pixie at Diligent’s recommendation.
As the party finished up their hearty morning meal and sat together in warm company, a stranger walked lithely into the tavern, and as soon as Thamani had spied Lynel, and Lynel him, a foundation was formed between the two beastmen. This bridge that was formed between their shared homeland and relative familiarity with each other’s races was one quickly crossed by the other members of the party, and as Thamani spoke to Flappy in his mind to ease the pressure of speaking, the group had quite warmed to the dark cat-folk. It was at this time that Thamani asked the group if they had seen anything like his newly received strange coin, Flappy analyzed it and noted that Genasi used similar symbols during their reign, but he wasn’t sure much past that. Eavesdropping on their conversation, the small-voiced Gnome tavern owner Tandin Bumblebob mentioned that he had seen something similar in the far southern city of Demissar near the Ulnith desert across the tremendous Dragon Bridge. The city was under Gnomish dominion but had a rather large influence of the Chosen, despite their religion being outlawed, but the southern cities had never been much for laws they did not care for.
With this new information and an equally newly formed purpose for the party, they decided they would get their revenge for Ramad’s death later and help Thamani on his quest. To travel so far south, they needed a ride as far as could take them, so they agreed to search the Market District for a willing merchant that would take their services as guards and allow them to freely travel as compensation. After some searching, the party encountered a merchant, that after a bit of persuasion, allowed them to book passage with him to Crossmark to the west as long as they didn’t cause trouble and they kept him safe. The party eagerly agreed and were just as eager to be off, but the merchant, Mernic Firmarm, had goods to sell and deliveries to make, so he was not to leave until next morning. The group accepted this delay in their travel and took the opportunity to visit one of the popular gaming houses of the city, The Cardinal Inn. 
The well outfitted gaming house lured Thamani to many a game of chance as well as some of the other party members trying their luck, with all meeting varying levels of success. However not all was fun and games in this charming and posh Inn. Flappy was approached by a Gnome who quickly spoke to him with deftly gestured Thieves Cant, and Flappy was just as intrigued as he was wary. With the caution of preparing his party for anything, he followed the Gnome into the Den, where a previously unknown criminal underground blossomed to life before him. His wonder was sharply snapped from him as he was placed before a darkly clad Halfling woman with judging lilac eyes. She cut to the chase and accused Flappy and his party of killing Ternac and stealing his off the books profit from the mining job. Flappy calmly and persuasively explained what had truly happened to the sly and scrutinizing crime-lord Mefira. After some tense contemplation, a stroke of luck, and quite a bit of shared valuable information, she believed him and allowed him to leave. As Flappy was reunited with his party members, he shared with them some of the new information he had come by from the crime-lord, as well as the very near brush with death.
The morning sun heralded their departure, and once they had boarded Mernic’s wagon, the group was off to a new place, and a new adventure. Despite a few days of mild summer travel along the beautiful Kemarthi Highlands, their peace was broken once more. In the afternoon of their fourth day of travel, they came upon a small carriage that was being attacked by brigands. The party aided the remaining guards in order to save the unarmed Gnomes and fought a brutal but decisive fight with the strange hollow and eyeless bandits. Something was wrong with these men, and Thamani was determined to find out by linking minds and interrogating one. But as his mind’s eye touched the man, some outside force quickly snuffed out his life with a snap and removed any possibility of interrogation.

With the travel resuming, what awaits the party in Crossmark? Where will they go, north to pursue the Dark Noble in the Verithnir forest, or south to Demissar and investigate Thamani’s strange token? We shall see what is in store tonight!

What Lies Beyond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKmqkjLDO8I
Last Stand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roKJk4ekILA


