The intrepid adventurers recovered from their close call with their unfortunate boar encounter and attempted to turn the run in to their advantage. Lynel, Flappy, and Soril skinned two boars each and achieved varied results with the hides, Flappy and Soril were successful in pairing away some pristine and excellent hides with their daggers, but Lynel struggled to achieve even a rough hide skinning with his claws. Additionally, as Flappy was skinning the largest of the male boars, he noticed that this animal had the trappings of a dire boar. After a brief rest and repast in the forest, the travelers set back out toward Ytiros and arrived just as evening was descending on the city. As they grouped in the city center, Flappy asked a guard to translate a bounty written in dwarfish after scanning the message board and noticing a sketched boar. The guard briefly explained what it said told him to see the captain, Grumnor Stronghaft, in the guard barracks about the dire boar bounty. Here the party decided to take a brief split, Ramad and Flappy set off to the barracks and Soril and Lynel went to look for a place to stay for the night. Ramad and Flappy encountered the inebriated captain in the mess room of his barracks and he spoke with them about the boar bounty as well as bringing up a running reward for Gnoll heads. After their broken and somewhat awkward conversation, Grumnor mistakenly paid Flappy a bit too much gold for the dire boar hide and mentioned that the southwestern Lumberyard has been overrun with Snaggletooth Gnolls. 
As Flappy and Ramad secured their reward and ventured back to the message board to wait, Soril and Lynel were deep in their search for Taverns. They discovered that it was much harder to find a suitable spot that would accept outsiders then they had previously thought, and the deepening night was not helping their prospects. Eventually they found a large building of wood and stone emitting warm light and bearing no restrictive signs. But they were in for quite a surprise upon entry. The Scarlet Ribbon, a large and popular late night brothel, was rife with lewd hosts and hostesses teasing patrons at their tables with some leading them off to their rooms. The pair of rosy cheeked adventurers approached the bar and were greeted by an all too inviting hostess named Ratara the Red. Her charming demeanor, amorous mannerisms, and delicate implications were a bit too much for Soril and Lynel was all too happy to search for other, less risqué, accommodations. However, their furthered search garnered them no such suitable places, so they went back to the message board, collected Ramad and Flappy and set back off to the brothel for a meal, a wash, and a place to lay their heads for the night. They once again engaged in warm conversation with Ratara to claim themselves a fine meal and arrange rooms. Once seated, the group had to turn down many advances from hosts and hostesses alike, but despite their less than modest setting, they had an extremely filling meal of meat, vegetables, and warm buttered bread. During their meal, Ramad attempted to ask two different staff, a slave, and a non-slave, about the treatment of slaves within the establishment and was somewhat snubbed by the non-slave dwarf seductress while the male slave told him it was well enough, and better than most, and then rejected Ramad’s offered coin as it would imply a service due. Full from their meal and ready for rest, the party retreated to their rooms, availed themselves of a warm bath, and then fell into the blissfully soft bedding.
As the morning sun rose, the group gathered their things and had Ternac’s note translated by a less than sober Dwarf bartender. Despite his surprise at the seemingly illegal contents of the note, he was easily quieted with hard coin. The party then struck out into the market district of the city to furnish themselves with gear fitting of true adventurers as well as selling their boar hides. Their first stop was the quaint and rustic leatherworking shop of Leviss Jiggsby who was fairly impressed by their work with the boar hides and treated them to a fine deal, outfitting both Soril and Flappy as well as making the group some coin. They next set out to the Steelfist Smithy where the two smith co-owners were quite impressed by Lynels striking physique as well as how lined the pockets of the party was. It was here that the group outfitted Lynel with fair scale male and weapons as well as a finely crafted rapier for Soril. After a brief foray into the magic stalls offered little to Ramad’s taste, they pushed forward to their last stop, the large and friendly Bard dormitory known as the Laughing Lyre. They were greeting by the affable if not exceedingly loud atmosphere of the sitting room as well as the large Half-Orc Rornug Loudsong. After a nice interaction and perusal of different instruments, Soril settled on a Lyre that Rornug fixed up for him and the adventurers were off once again.
What is in store for our aptly equipped group? Where will they set out next? And who was the dark figure who so brutally killed their job contacts and stole the merchandise? We will see!

