The group of adventurers left Zarken’s den, and after some brief deliberation, decided against Articulate’s advice. Surely the Light Genasi in Demissar would at least speak to them before making a decision about their nature or intentions. The party agreed that in the morning, they would prepare for the journey south, either by merchant or by horse. They departed the desolate housing district in the Slate Quarter and made their way back to the Oak Quarter and the cozy Gnarled Branch Inn. Once back in the Inn, they spoke of small things over a simple dinner and then made their way up to their rooms for sleep, knowing they would rise early and seize the day for travel and preparation. Flappy and Jerlof decided that they would sleep in a bit longer, the others could take care of the rations. So as the morning sun crested the horizon, Thamani, Lynel, and Soril headed out to the market proper in search of foods that would make good preservable rations. As per Lynel’s instinct, the trio wandered over to meat vendor before all, and negotiated a large portion of dried meat for the party’s journey. As this portioning was quite sizable for five people, the vendor threw in a freshly cooked drumstick for Lynel, very appreciative of their patronage. The journey south to Demissar would be in similar length to their last trek, however going south, the terrain would vastly change, and as they approached the Ulnith desert, the temperature would rise significantly. The trio next sought out a bread vendor for hard tack and travel bread, this staple of rationing was one they could not afford to go without, there was no telling how they would be received at the local hamlets or villages, it was best to be self-sufficient. The kind bread vendor hastily prepared their many loafs of travel bread and parcels of hard tack, and after Thamani paid with a hefty tip, she threw in a dessert for the party to share and many thanks. Lastly, the early risers sought some vegetable vendors to complete their varied traveling rations and found three vendors clustered near each other that all offered a portion to their root vegetable allotment. Thamani paid the vendors and once the three had evenly distributed their rations among their things, they carried the remaining bags of food back to the Gnarled Branch.
With the sleep hastily removed from their eyes, Jerlof and Flappy joined the rest of the party in the tavern sitting room and allocated their portions of the rations to their traveling belongings. They were nearly ready to set out, but there was one important problem they still needed to solve, how were they to travel? After a brief discussion, they all agreed that the best course of action was to seek the Truegleam’s and see if they had any horses for them to use. After the small trek across the city and deep into the Silver Quarter, the slightly winded party approached the main carriageway of the Truegleam Manor, approached the grand doors, and knocked. They were greeted by the suave and personable second steward Careful who informed them that although the Truegleam’s do not keep a stock of horses, being Gnomes after all, they did have a partnership with and recommendation for the Gilded Pony near the edge of the Silver Quarter. Careful ensured the party that when the party told Sturdy the stablemaster that the Truegleam’s sent them, he would be more than helpful in organizing travel. When the party lamented that they were likely not able to buy one of the fine steeds that the stablemaster may offer, Careful replied that a simple rental would suffice for a one way trip. Satisfied with their new course of action, the party bid the dapper Careful farewell and headed back down the rise, away from the manors, and toward the center of the city. As they walked, they wracked their brains, trying to recall if they had passed this stable on the way up to the manor, Lynel and Soril were both somewhat confident that they had and with some luck, they made it to the Gilded Pony just before mid-morning. Sturdy was every bit as accommodating as Careful had said he would be, and after their selection of mounts was complete, he cut them a deal on the rental and had them each pay half up front and the other half of the three gold once they arrived in Demissar. With the party now properly mounted and supplied, they were ready to set out and see what their next adventure had in store for them. 
They felt they had no time to lose, so as morning was approaching a sunny and warm afternoon, the group left the city of Crossmark to follow the great road south to Demissar. Their first day of late summer traveled yielded no more than simple companionship, idle conversation, and saddle sore travelers. After their first night on the road the party felt far less rested than they had while staying at the Gnarled Branch, but they were invigorated with the sense of adventure. With the morning of their second day of travel come and gone, their afternoon brought and interesting discovery that they could not help but to investigate. An upturned cart spilled its remaining contents over the side of the road, with no bodies or animals in sight. Something seemed peculiar, so the travelers posted up their steeds and began investigating. The cart seemed to be of a merchant origin with nothing much more to note than that until light tracks were found that lead into the forest. The group followed these tracks deeper into the woodland until stopping at the sound of angry shouts and scared small voices. As they snuck up on the unsuspecting noise makers, it was discovered that an Ogre standing over the mangled corpses of both horse and dwarf was having some sort of disagreement with a group of Goblins. The party watched this play out for a short while until both of the more heavily armored warriors in their group caught the ear of some of the Goblin scouts.
The party was discovered, and in an attempt to cause chaos, Thamani mentally shouted into one of the Goblins, telling him he was his god and that he would be punished. At this psionic intrusion, the Goblin scurried away in fear, greatly angering the Ogre who threw the goblin into the other scout with a crunch. Although their cover was blown, chaos surely was created as the Ogre roared and the Goblins scurried away. The unorganized battle began with Lynel rising in size to meet the angered Ogre and knocking him down with a shield smash. Jerlof handled the party’s flank while Thamani slung lightning infused fireballs, Soril supported the party with his brilliant appearance, and Flappy did what he did best, stabbed kidneys. As the Ogre fell and the grouped help Jerlof with the Goblin that was harrying him, they heard more Ogre shouts in the distance. Something was amiss, but they didn’t have the time to investigate, it seemed another battle was upon them.
