The well-rested travelers awoke to plush coverlets, feathered pillows, and a firm but polite knocking at their doors. Escorted by many minor servants and brought to one of the many sitting rooms, Careful greeted the group and led them once again to the steams to freshen up. A refreshing mid-morning steam prepared them for yet another pair of clothes, these ones more practical and travel worthy, as well as a light and simple but still rather posh breakfast. After everyone’s fast had been broken, Careful bid the travelers farewell with a warm smile and a polite bow, they would forever be welcome guests to the Truegleams. 
The revitalized party bid Mernic and his family a quick farewell before heading out on the market in search of new items to spend their coin on. First, they traveled to the Bronze Quarter and browsed the wears of a gruff Gnome weaponsmith named Calbar Briskstep who offered a wide variety of weapons both magical and mundane. Lynel was well pleased with his new War Pick and the force that thrummed through it, Jerlof found himself a fine battle axe, coated with ice that clung to the cloudy blue blade and gave off a frigid air. Flappy found a dastardly sharp shortsword riddled with green elvish enchantments that could wake a virulent poison coating. Next, they traveled in search of a Dwarven armorsmith named Tygrim at Calbar’s less than enthusiastic recommendation. Tygrim’s smithy Plate & Chain was found easily by the group, and they eagerly walked into the shopfront lined with well crafted breastplates and mail displayed near racks of shields of various sizes. Tygrim heartily greated the party and asked them how he could be of service to them. Soril asked about new leather armor while Flappy inquired about a buckler. Lynel was content with either a new shield or a new set of armor. After some back and forth haggling between Soril and Tygrim, the group received a deal that was satisfactory for them all despite some concessions in the quality of gear and the overall price.
With the shopping finished, they made way back to the center of the city to plan for their next move. Maneuvering the crowded throughways of the city center was no easy task and as they made their way deeper into the press of folk, Flappy was bumped into by a dwarf with a small purple flower and a sealed scroll. He looked rather abashed as he passed off the goods to him knowingly and then disappeared back into the surging crowd. The party stepped off into an ally to see what the fuss was about and Flappy opened the note to reveal that he was missed in Ytiros and his sudden departure raised some questions. Mefira was as sly as her title implied and she seemed to be keeping a close eye on Flappy. As the flower in his hand bloomed, Flappy stepped back from the unfurling petals and Lynel unwittingly inspected the quaint purple blossom. Lynel suddenly dropped like a bag of stones onto the ground, heavily sedated with sleep. Concern and anger flowed through the party as they realized this poisoning was meant for Flappy. Soril and Jerlof decided to take Lynel to the nearest healer while Flappy and Thamani were content with waiting to see if someone would come looking for their victim. Soril and Jerlof rushed to the Oak Quarter and into a well maintained healing establishment. The gnome at the counter said that he would be happy to admit their comatose friend if only they would bring him in, and despite hearing a small argument in the back rooms, Soril decided it was best to head back to the others as fast as possible to retrieve their ally. During the separation Flappy and Thamani waited until a familiar dwarf came snooping by their alleyway. Flappy surged at him and knocked him to the ground with a fierce shriek. Thamani quickly arrived to back him up and after loosening his tongue with some coin they learned that this informant had a boss operating out of tavern known as the Rockchip Inn. The dwarf swore that was all he knew and ran off as fast as his legs could take him. The party then reunited near the ally way, paid for a small cart, and hauled Lynel back to Nature’s Palm. When they arrive, Derlin Toegold assisted them in bringing Lynel to a room to rest and have a healer see him. Soril and Jerlof stayed in the waiting area while Flappy and Thamani were escorted back with Lynel. In passing they noticed one of the infirmary rooms loud with the sounds of argument between a well spoken man claiming he wasn’t in Crossmark on behalf of his religion and a couple of angry guards heavily disputing that claim. After Lynel was set onto a firm but comfortable cot, a human healer named Lucy placed some smelling salts underneath his nose and wafted the scent heavily toward him. Lynel shot up so quickly he caused the healer to nearly drop her supplies. They all thanked Lucy kindly, and as she began to leave for them to confer in privacy, she recommended that Lynel stay overnight before leaving the room.
Thamani decided he would stay with Lynel that night so Flappy left the room and made his way down the infirmary hall. As he passed the door that held the disgruntled man previously arguing with the guards, he peered into his room and say a symbol very similar to that on the coin that was given to Thamani. He swiftly headed back to Lynel’s room to inform Thamani and when Thamani realized what this meant, he switched places with Flappy and headed down the hallway to see for himself. He confirmed that the symbol was similar and was then confronted by the injured human opening his room door and asking Thamani why he was looking into his room. The awkward introduction was further jumbled by Thamani taking out his token coin and showing it to the darkly clad man. The injured human reacted with much surprise that quickly turned to a near fear like reverence for his god to aid him. Thamani learned that whatever he held was truly blasphemous to the piously clad warrior, and at the injured man’s urgent request, Thamani quickly exited his room and went off down the hall to the sitting room to meet up with the others. Thamani, Soril, and Jerlof left in search of a tavern for the night and found an accommodating Inn called the Gnarled Branch nestled close to Nature’s Palm deep in the Oak Quarter. The trio acquired rooms form the welcoming bar keep and tipped her nicely despite the already well priced rooms. The Dwarven lass rewarded them with a nice gift of wine and had their evening meals sent up to their rooms. They ate their plain but fair meal there and then retired to their clean beds after a long and confusing day full of excitement. A new day was soon to come, with many questions to answer, many paths to tread, where would they go next?

First Song:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkF7LBqPR50
Second Song:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nsxv4t1TIzU

