After their errand filled morning getting equipped for the road, the party decided to go out and make some money off the Gnoll bounty and possibly bag some dire boars along the way. Ramad mentioned to the group that Grumnor brought up that the southwest Lumberyard was currently occupied by Gnolls and figured that it would be a good place for the party to start. Ramad then asked a guard for directions to the Lumberyard and received a general idea of how to get there but Flappy decided they needed a map. Flappy and Soril headed back to the guard barracks to ask for a map of the area around the lumberyard and Grumnor gave them exactly what they were looking for and then wished them luck as they left the barracks. Ramad and Lynel split from the other two to buy rations, Lynel quickly spotted some dried meat being sold, as well as a wide assortment of cheeses. Ramad and Lynel purchased a large quantity of dried meat from a human that was all too happy to sell of such a sizable portion of his goods. Next the pair headed over to the dwarf selling the cheeses and negotiated a sizable portion of hard mild cheese for their journey. After Ramad’s tip, the cheese vendor tossed him a small dessert cheese that he was not expecting and Lynel managed to catch it after it bounced off the unsuspecting Ramad. Nearing the end of their ration shopping, the pair spotted a mother and daughter at a small stall selling a varied assortment of root vegetables. After purchasing a good share to supplement what they previously acquired, Ramad generously tipped them for the sake of the cheerful little girl and the mother happily threw in a pot for cooking as they made their departure to meet back up with the others. 
As the party regrouped and divided up the dried meat, hard mild cheese, potatoes, beets, and carrots, they made their way to the main gate. Departing in the mid afternoon was not the most opportune time, but the party was eager to be on their way despite knowing they would have a shorter first day of travel. As night fell and the intrepid adventurers set up camp and boiled up some of their rations, Flappy asked if the group could share the dessert cheese and as their stomachs filled, so too did their spirits and companionship. 
The next day of travel was relatively simple as the terrain changed into a rockier and tree speckled hill land instead of the previous day’s hilly grasslands. As evening was approaching, Flappy heard an all too familiar sound, the squealing of a boar. As he rounded the rock out cropping that was blocking his view from the distressed animal, he witnessed a horrid sight. A Gnoll Shaman was using some sort of magic on the boar causing it immense pain and seemingly changing it somehow. Flappy quickly returned to the group and informed them of the origin of the squealing and the travelers resolved to take this opportunity to gather some Gnoll clan sigils. On their approach Soril was scented by some of the warrior Gnolls and the Shaman shouted for the intruders to be killed. 
The battle was savagely initiated as Lynel rushed forward to protect his ally. Ramad released a flurry of eldritch bolts on the shaman, and Flappy began to work death among the Gnoll combatants. As the battle pressed on and Ramad aided Soril in the support of Lynel, Ramad took a savage enchanted cleaver blow, just holding on to consciousness. Flappy expertly dispatched the Gnoll that struck his ally and Lynel began to smash down some of his laughing attackers. The shaman, clearly the more intelligent of the enemies began to harm the party desperately but tactically. He casted a grotesque blood hex on Soril, Lynel, and Ramad causing tragedy to unfold. Lynel was successful in shrugging off the spell, and Soril managed to deal with the profuse bleeding in short order, but Ramad, weary and haggard from his previous blow fell into unconsciousness from his blood loss. 
As the Gnolls descended on Lynel, Flappy began to harry their flanks, and Soril move forward to support his allies in this chaotic brawl, Ramad slipped quietly and regretfully from the mortal plane. As he lay incapacitated, his lifeblood flowing into the hard earth, he thought of all he wished he could have accomplished, all the good he had wished to spread, and realized there was nothing left for him. As his heartbeat slowed and stopped, Ramad fondly thought of the time spent with his newfound friends, their story together just beginning while his was ending, he would forever be grateful for their kindness in a harsh world full of strife, a world that no longer existed for him, for he was gone. 
The surviving members swiftly dispatched the rest of the Gnolls, only to be rewarded with the catastrophic loss of their friend. Each member was affected in different ways, varying levels of shock, anger, regret, guilt, and grief. As they consigned his body to the flames, his memory would forever be carried with them. The grieving party collected the sigils of their fallen enemies, took a rest that brought no release from the realization of their slain friend, and swiftly traveled back to Ytiros, hollow in their victory.
Arriving near sunset, the party turned in their bounty, received their pay, and then determined that they would remember Ramad as he was, not how he is now, they entered the warm tavern and drank away their pain while celebrating Ramad’s life. As the night came to a close and the weary travelers climbed the steps to their rooms, Soril confided in his friends his deepest secret, one he wished Ramad could have heard, he was a Skinchanger. And with the drunk and surprised reactions from Flappy and Lynel, he left them in the hallway and retired to his room.
Our party has been forever changed, what will they do now? See if more information can be found about the notes, who wrote them, and who sent them on the mining job? Seek revenge on Snaggletooth clan? Or will they find a new companion in an unlikely encounter?
We will see!
